Update version configs page (#3027)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Project/why-version-2.md

---

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.5">

Once upon a time, the structure of these `.yml` files was very different (s/o to anyone who was using dbt back then!). Adding `version: 2` allowed us to make this structure more extensible.

> Currently this config is not required for resource yml files. If specified, `version: 2` is the only supported version. While we don't anticipate updating yml files to `version: 3` any time soon, if we need to introduce a new structure for these files, we'll be able to do this more easily with this config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource yml files do not currently require this config. We only support `version: 2` if it's specified. Although we do not expect to update yml files to `version: 3` soon, having this config will make it easier for us to introduce new structures in the future
```
